segment-labeling.0 = preamble
segment-labeling.1 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.2 = anamnesissection
segment-labeling.3 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.4 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.5 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.6 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.7 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.8 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.9 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.10 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.11 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.12 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.13 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.14 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.15 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.16 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.17 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.18 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.19 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.20 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.21 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.22 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.23 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.24 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.25 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.26 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.27 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.28 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.29 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.30 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.31 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.32 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.33 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.34 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.35 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.36 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.37 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.38 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.39 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.40 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.41 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.42 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.43 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.44 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.45 = patienthistorysection
segment-labeling.46 = admissionmedicationsection
segment-labeling.47 = admissionmedicationsection
segment-labeling.48 = admissionmedicationsection
segment-labeling.49 = admissionmedicationsection
segment-labeling.50 = admissionmedicationsection
segment-labeling.51 = admissionmedicationsection
segment-labeling.52 = admissionmedicationsection
segment-labeling.53 = admissionmedicationsection
segment-labeling.54 = medicationsection
segment-labeling.55 = therapy
segment-labeling.56 = therapy
segment-labeling.57 = therapy
segment-labeling.58 = medicationduringstaysection
segment-labeling.59 = medicationduringstaysection
segment-labeling.60 = medicationduringstaysection
segment-labeling.61 = medicationduringstaysection
segment-labeling.62 = medicationduringstaysection
segment-labeling.63 = medicationduringstaysection
